1c.
	If a = b, then the square doesn't exist (whose side lengths are (a - b) = 0 ). This makes the proof simpler by creating two squares each out of two triangles ( area = a^2 = b^2 ) and rearranging them into one combined square whose side length is c (area = a^2 + b^2 = c^2).

1d.
	Properties:
		Triangles that share three congruent sides are congruent
		Squares have an equal length and width
		Right triangles have one right angle
		A pair of lines that never intersection are parallel, and are therefore equidistant at every point
		The length of a line segment is equal to its constituent line segments

2a.
	The mistake is the step from √((-1)(-1)) => √(-1)√(-1)
	Factoring the roots in this way assumes that roots are nonnegative, which they aren't in this case

2b.
	Assume:
		1 = -1
	Divide both sides by two:
		1/2 = -1/2
	Add 3/2 to both sides:
		2 = 1
	QED

2c.
	(Skipped)

3a.
	log10(1/2) is a negative value, which mandates a sign flip. This was overlooked in the proof.
	(It is also worth noting that, although the power rule for logarithms wasn't appropriately applied, this doesn't affect the truthness of the resulting inequality)

3b.
	The issue comes with applying exponential operations onto units without appropriate adjustment
	(As an example, the different conversion ratios of cm and cm²)

3c.
	Cannot divide by (a-b). This has been established to be equal to 0, and doing this breaks math

4.
	I'm not entirely sure of what is "objectionable" and how to fix it, but I think it has to do something about the fallacy of concluding the sign of a term before it's squared.
	

5.
	Scratchwork:
		If an event is unable to be predicted any time before its occurence, then it is a surprise
		If the quiz is given on Friday, then its occurence would be predictable after Thursday ends
			Therefore, a quiz on Friday would not be a surprise
			Therefore, Albert cannot hold a surprise quiz on Friday
		It's true after a point, but it's not recursive
		The surprises ends after Wednesday ends, because then Thursday is the only day that could be a surprise

		---

		I think this hinges on what is considered a "surprise". One could consider a test on Friday could still be considered a surprise, because the "surprise" is on the date change; that is, the acknowledgment of the test being on Friday.

		Also, "plans" could be interpretted as uncertainty. That could mean that even on Friday it could be a surprise, since there is no guarantee.
